CREDITS.md, before:

# Credits

This project owes its success to the following people and organizations:

## Contributors

### Authors of the files in this repository

The CAD design and prototypes for Inkwell v0.1 to v1.2 and v2.4 to v2.9.5 were made by Jérôme Nowak. Photos were taken by Jérôme Nowak.
The CAD design and prototypes for Inkwell v2.0 to v2.3.2 were made by Anesta Kothari.
Note: Earlier iterations in the exploratory phase (prior to v0.1) are not documented in this repository.

### Acknowledgments to the contributors to the Inkwell Project

The research that lead to the development of Inkwell is co-authored by Jérôme Nowak, Anesta Kothari (co-first author), Hongquan Li, Jaspreet Pannu, Dani Algazi, and Manu Prakash.

M.P., H.L. and A.K. identified the research problem. M.P., A.K. and D.A. developed the early prototypes and experiments. J.N. led the design of Inkwell and conducted the analysis of the physical principles involved. J.N. and A.K. developed prototypes and implemented the final Inkwell device with input from all authors. J.N., H.L. and A.K. set up the motorized smearing device for characterizations. H.L. set up the apparatus for high-speed imaging and the Octopi microscope for scanning the blood smears. J.N. and A.K. performed data collection. A.K. designed the usability studies. J.P. validated an earlier prototype in field settings. J.N., H.L., A.K., and M.P. wrote the manuscript with feedback from all authors.

## Financial Support

This work was funded by Gates Foundation Award (M.P.), Schmidt Futures Innovation Fellowship (M.P.), Moore Foundation Research Grant (M.P.) and NSF CCC (DBI1548297 (M.P.)).

## Special Thanks

We thank the following individuals for participating in the Inkwell usability study: Ethan Li, Hope Leng, Grace Zhong, Ray Chang, and Jijumon A.S. We thank Ipsita Pal Bhowmick for discussions and images used in figure 1. We thank all members of the PrakashLab for fruitful discussions and comments.

## License

See LICENCE file

Commit message:

Update README and CREDITS, add CAD files for previous versions and for the motorised smearing machine.

CREDITS.md, after:

# Credits

This project owes its success to the following people and organizations:

## Contributors

### Contributors to the Inkwell Project

The research that lead to the development of Inkwell is co-authored by Jérôme Nowak, Anesta Kothari (co-first author), Hongquan Li, Jaspreet Pannu, Dani Algazi, and Manu Prakash.

M.P., H.L. and A.K. identified the research problem. M.P., A.K. and D.A. developed the early prototypes and experiments. J.N. led the design of Inkwell and conducted the analysis of the physical principles involved. J.N. and A.K. developed prototypes and implemented the final Inkwell device with input from all authors. J.N., H.L. and A.K. set up the motorized smearing device for characterizations. H.L. set up the apparatus for high-speed imaging and the Octopi microscope for scanning the blood smears. J.N. and A.K. performed data collection. A.K. designed the usability studies. J.P. validated an earlier prototype in field settings. J.N., H.L., A.K., and M.P. wrote the manuscript with feedback from all authors.

### Authors of the files in this repository

The CAD design and prototypes for Inkwell versions 0.1 to 1.2 and 2.4 to 2.9.5 were made by Jérôme Nowak. Photos were taken by Jérôme Nowak.
The CAD design and prototypes for Inkwell versions 2.0 to 2.3.2 were made by Anesta Kothari.
(Note: Earlier iterations in the exploratory phase prior to v0.1 did not have a clear naming scheme and are not documented in this repository.)

## Financial Support

This work was funded by Gates Foundation Award (M.P.), Schmidt Futures Innovation Fellowship (M.P.), Moore Foundation Research Grant (M.P.) and NSF CCC (DBI1548297 (M.P.)).

## Special Thanks

We thank the following individuals for participating in the Inkwell usability study: Ethan Li, Hope Leng, Grace Zhong, Ray Chang, and Jijumon A.S. We thank Ipsita Pal Bhowmick for discussions and images used in figure 1. We thank all members of the PrakashLab for fruitful discussions and comments.

## License

See LICENCE file
